Technical exercise for the iOS Automation Engineer position (#230)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Interview/AutomationExercise.md

<p align="center">
<img src="../logo.png">
</p>

#Babylon 
# iOS Automation engineer technical exercise

> At babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do, and hiring the best person should reflect that belief. That is why defined a clear and open technical exercise to be completed by candidates applying for an iOS automation engineer role. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do, and hiring the best person should reflect that belief. That is why we've defined a clear and open technical exercise to be completed by candidates applying for an iOS automation engineer role. 
```

## Our expectations

Babylon aims to hire only the most qualified people. That doesn't mean that a candidate must have several academic degrees or years of experience. We value **potential** equally as much as **knowledge** and **experience**. Above all, we value one's ability to **think independently**, **solve problems** and to **engage with colleagues**.

As such, these are the main areas the team will focus our assessment of candidates on:

- Technical expertise

>    - Languages (Swift, Java) and platforms (iOS)

Reviewer: Why `Java`?

 - Frameworks (UI testing with XCTest)
 - Knowledge of software testing practises (Manual and Automated)

>  - Automation Architectural design patterns (POM, Cucumber)

Reviewer 2: Might want to clarify what POM is.

 - Knowledge of iOS APIs

>  - Knowledge of the development cycle

Reviewer 2: Pls add more spaces to enable indentation.

Author: Odd locally the indentation was fine

- Interest in sharing one's knowledge

> - Interest in learning new knowledge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interest in learning new competences
```

- Interest in keeping oneself up to date
- Ability to think and work independently
- Ability to work in a large team
- Professional and personal maturity
- Overall attitude
- Likelihood of fitting in well with the company's culture
- Is the candidate someone we would like to work with on a daily basis?

## The Technical Exercise

### Application

To begin with please download the following open source [application](https://github.com/khoren93/SwiftHub) and setup your environment. This will demonstrate your understanding of Xcode and building iOS application.

### Existing Tests

> The project currently contains a number of UI test cases, for these tests we would like you to complete the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project currently contains a number of UI test cases, for these tests we would like you to complete the following:
```

- Add a comment to each test outlining what is being tested
- Describe if you feel the test is appropriate or well written
- Improve the test if you feel it requires improvement
- Verify the state of the test

### New Test Cases

> For the net stage we would like you to add new tests to improve coverage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the net stage we would like you to improve test coverage by adding new tests as follows:
```

> - Create any new tests you feel are appropriate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create new tests to cover the scenarios you feel are more relevant
```

> - Write a explanation as to why the test is needed and what it covers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Write an explanation as to why the test is needed and what it covers
```

### Framework

> For the final stage we would like to understand your knowledge of how UI automation works on iOS and how tests interact with the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the final stage and we would like to access your knowledge of:
- UI automation in the iOS context
- UI automation tests and its interaction with the iOS application
```

> - Make any improvements you feel are appropriate to the following and clearly stating why:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Considering this, we would like you to make the necessary improvements, and clearly stating why, to the following:
```

>  - Update the test framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Test framework
```

>  - Update the test framework

Reviewer: Shouldn't we state what would be the purpose to improve Test framework?

Author: In essence the purpose is to see if they are willing to add accessibility identifiers to the code to help make the automation more stable. But I did not want to give them a hint as to what we are looking for.

Reviewer: So can we say:
```suggestion
 - Update the test framework to improve automation tests stability
```
Or do you feel this is giving too much information?

>  - Update the application to improve testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Application, to improve testability and test coverage.
```

<p align="center">
<img src="../logo.png">
</p>

#Babylon 
# iOS Automation engineer technical exercise

At babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do, and hiring the best person should reflect that belief. That is why we've defined a clear and open technical exercise to be completed by candidates applying for an iOS automation engineer role. 

## Our expectations

Babylon aims to hire only the most qualified people. That doesn't mean that a candidate must have several academic degrees or years of experience. We value **potential** equally as much as **knowledge** and **experience**. Above all, we value one's ability to **think independently**, **solve problems** and to **engage with colleagues**.

As such, these are the main areas the team will focus our assessment of candidates on:

- Technical expertise

>    - Languages (Swift, Java) and platforms (iOS)

Author: ```suggestion
   - Language (Swift) and platform (iOS)
```

- Interest in learning new competences
- Interest in keeping oneself up to date
- Ability to think and work independently
- Ability to work in a large team
- Professional and personal maturity
- Overall attitude
- Likelihood of fitting in well with the company's culture
- Is the candidate someone we would like to work with on a daily basis?

## The Technical Exercise

### Application

To begin with please download the following open source [application](https://github.com/khoren93/SwiftHub) and setup your environment. This will demonstrate your understanding of Xcode and building iOS application.

### Existing Tests

The project currently contains a number of UI test cases, for these tests we would like you to complete the following:

- Add a comment to each test outlining what is being tested, do you feel the test is appropriate or well written. (do that in the documentation comment for these tests)
- Fix and/or improve the test if you feel it requires fix or improvement

### New Test Cases

As another part of the test we would like you to improve test coverage of the app by adding new tests as follows:

- Create new tests to cover the scenarios you feel are more relevant

> - Write an explanation as to why the test is needed and what it covers

Author: ```suggestion
- Write an in code comment as to what the test covers
```

- Create new tests to cover the scenarios you feel are more relevant
- Write an explanation as to why the test is needed and what it covers

### Framework

This is the final stage and we would like to access your knowledge of:
- UI automation in the iOS context
- UI automation tests and its interaction with the iOS application

- Considering this, we would like you to make the necessary improvements, and clearly stating why, to the following:
 - Test framework
 - Application, to improve testability and test coverage.

 
# Outcome

> Once you have finished updating the automation in the project please zip up your project and send it to use for review via the recruiter who initially contacted you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have finished the technical exercise please zip your project and send it to us for review via the recruiter who initially contacted you.

We really appreciate and value the time a candidate spends to complete the test and we guarantee that any test will be carefully reviewed by our team of engineers. 

Always expect to hear back from us.

In the possibility that a test doesn't meet the Babylon standards, we will always give feedback detailing what we think are the good aspects of the test and what we think should be improved.
```

<p align="center">
<img src="../logo.png">
</p>

#Babylon 
# iOS Automation engineer technical exercise

> At babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do, and hiring the best person should reflect that belief. That is why we've defined a clear and open technical exercise to be completed by candidates applying for an iOS automation engineer role. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At Babylon, we firmly believe that **transparency** is a core value that should be present in everything we do, and hiring the best person should reflect that belief. That is why we've defined a clear and open technical exercise to be completed by candidates applying for an iOS automation engineer role. 
```

## Our expectations

> Babylon aims to hire only the most qualified people. That doesn't mean that a candidate must have several academic degrees or years of experience. We value **potential** equally as much as **knowledge** and **experience**. Above all, we value one's ability to **think independently**, **solve problems** and to **engage with colleagues**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Babylon aims to hire only the most qualified people. That doesn't mean that a candidate must have several academic degrees or years of experience. We value **potential** equally as much as **knowledge** and **experience**. Above all, we value one's ability to **think independently**, **solve problems**, and to **engage with colleagues**.
```

- Create new tests to cover the scenarios you feel are more relevant
- Write an explanation as to why the test is needed and what it covers

### Framework

This is the final stage and we would like to access your knowledge of:
- UI automation in the iOS context
- UI automation tests and its interaction with the iOS application

- Considering this, we would like you to make the necessary improvements, and clearly stating why, to the following:
 - Update the test framework to improve automation stability
 - Application, to improve testability and test coverage.

 
# Outcome

Once you have finished the technical exercise please zip your project and send it to us for review via the recruiter who initially contacted you.

We really appreciate and value the time a candidate spends to complete the test and we guarantee that any test will be carefully reviewed by our team of engineers. 

Always expect to hear back from us.

In the possibility that a test doesn't meet the Babylon standards, we will always give feedback detailing what we think are the good aspects of the test and what we think should be improved.

#### We look forward to hearing from you!

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

As such, these are the main areas the team will focus our assessment of candidates on:

- Technical expertise
   - Language (Swift) and platform (iOS)
   - Frameworks (UI testing with XCTest)
   - Knowledge of software testing practises (Manual and Automated)
   - Automation Architectural design patterns (Page Object Model, Cucumber)
   - Knowledge of iOS APIs
   - Knowledge of the development cycle
- Interest in sharing one's knowledge
- Interest in learning new competences
- Interest in keeping oneself up to date
- Ability to think and work independently
- Ability to work in a large team
- Professional and personal maturity
- Overall attitude
- Likelihood of fitting in well with the company's culture
- Is the candidate someone we would like to work with on a daily basis?

## The Technical Exercise

### Application

To begin with please download the following open source [application](https://github.com/khoren93/SwiftHub) and setup your environment. This will demonstrate your understanding of Xcode and building iOS application.

### Existing Tests

The project currently contains a number of UI test cases, for these tests we would like you to complete the following:

> - Add a comment to each test outlining what is being tested

Reviewer 4: I'd merge these two items. At the same time I think this is something that is better to be discussed on site and in the test we should only ask to fix/improve tests.

```suggestion
- Add a comment to each test outlining what is being tested, do you feel the test is appropriate or well written. (do that in the documentation comment for these tests)
```

> - Describe if you feel the test is appropriate or well written

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

> - Improve the test if you feel it requires improvement

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Fix and/or improve the test if you feel it requires fix or improvement
```

> - Verify the state of the test

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

### New Test Cases

> For the net stage we would like you to improve test coverage by adding new tests as follows:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As another part of the test we would like you to improve test coverage of the app by adding new tests as follows:
```

- Create new tests to cover the scenarios you feel are more relevant

> - Write an explanation as to why the test is needed and what it covers

Reviewer 4: again, I'd leave it for on-site part. The reason is that it's easier to get this explanation verbally (writing good code comments is a good skill but that's not what we are looking at and it might be harder to express this in a comment)

> ### Framework

Reviewer 4: I don't get this part to be honest. I wouldn't understand what is required from me to do. Two previous sections are enough IMO, we ask to fix/improve existing tests and to write new tests. We will make our judgement based on how candidate does that.

Instead of this section I would add a section highlighting at what aspects of the test we will concentrate, similarly to how we have that for iOS project. I.e. we will look at what is being tested and what is not, how candidate structures their tests (test suite in general and each test individually), how they are using common test patterns, tests performance, how they work with accessibility APIs etc. but without giving direct advice on doing things in one or another way (like using accessibility ids or not or queuing elements one way or another)

This is the final stage and we would like to access your knowledge of:
- UI automation in the iOS context
- UI automation tests and its interaction with the iOS application

- Considering this, we would like you to make the necessary improvements, and clearly stating why, to the following:

>  - Test framework

Author: ```suggestion
 - Update the test framework to improve automation tests stability
```
